if you burn thanks for tuning in for the
first tutorial I'll be making you'll be
on how to clean your own fish fish tank
glass with various different items you
can use let's get started okay so the
different products you can use 3gen ones
I use on the right you've got the
general sponge can buy them really
cheaply that pack of them you can see
it's just a general sponge green on the
right and then white don't use that I
just use outside yeah you might want to
rinse it in hot water sterilized etc
yeah that works quite well doesn't get
the hard out GILF but still works then
glass scraper haven't had this long but
at this far the best one like a sharp
razor blade like a usual handle and put
it in Sector scratch the glass yeah that
was quite well though yeah definitely
and then the next one I'm the general
magnet float magnet he's are quite good
should get a rough edge soft edge for
the outside and then should stick
together get it right away and then if
it breaks up it explodes surface yeah
I'll do a quick demonstration it's the
individual products working kind of
always start with a sponge again soft
more rough side trying use of soft white
side simply go over none on you would
usually gets of the softer I'll be
better when you use what is half empty
well the next one is the magnet I
forgave the soft side on the outside and
in the rough side on the inside
three fish just move it around a bit
take night not all the way you ever get
off but that's pretty good job Mike
scratch the time I forgot scratch there
from this one because my cat is doing
and then blade hold it at an angle like
that and okay I takes off the rough it
Harvey yeah all work well you can all
generally in a range from two pounds up
to about a tenner but all pretty cheap
okay so that really concludes the
aquarium glass cleaning should get
pretty good
spotless glass to be able to see your
fish through I'll make another tutorial
how to King out so it's a little bit
tricky with smearing thanks to new and
again the next tutorial will be how to
change filters in your filter please
stay tuned subscribe like favorite and
sign up for my website thank you
you